Complete the `Changelog`, `Choke`, and `Combo fire` stubs (#6036)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Glossary/Combo_fire/en.md

---
tags:
  - combo flame
---

# Combo fire

<!-- TODO(TicClick): wrap the images in infoboxes -->

![](img/combo-fire.jpg "Yellow, orange, and red combo fire (below 500x combo)")

> ![](img/blue-combo-fire.jpg "Blue combo fire (above 500x combo)")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![](img/blue-combo-fire.jpg "Blue combo fire (above 500 combo)")
```

> **Combo fire** was a background gameplay element that originated from the [Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan!](/wiki/iNiS_games) DS Game that eventually got integrated into osu!. This would display a burning, yellow flame after obtaining the first [combo milestone](/wiki/Glossary/Combo_milestone). If the player obtained a [combo](/wiki/Glossary/Combo_(score_multiplier)) of 500x, the combo fire would change colour from yellow to blue. The fire would extinguish if the combo was broken, but would be reobtainable if combo was regained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Combo fire** was a background gameplay element that originated from the [Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan!](/wiki/iNiS_games) DS game, and eventually got integrated into osu!. This would display a burning, yellow flame after obtaining the first [combo milestone](/wiki/Glossary/Combo_milestone). If the player obtained a [combo](/wiki/Glossary/Combo_(score_multiplier)) of 500, the combo fire would change colour from yellow to blue. The fire would extinguish if the combo was broken, but it would reappear if combo was regained.
```
